# Academic Plan 
Check out the nuances of your academic life at Innopolis University.  

Eduwiki - is educational program service at Innopolis University. There you can find your [academic calendar](https://eduwiki.innopolis.university/index.php/AcademicCalendar), [study plans](https://eduwiki.innopolis.university/index.php/ALL:StudyPlan), [course schedule](https://eduwiki.innopolis.university/index.php/All:Schedule).  

This [document](https://innopolis.university/upload/iblock/82a/%D0%9E%D0%B1%20%D1%83%D1%82%D0%B2%D0%B5%D1%80%D0%B6%D0%B4%D0%B5%D0%BD%D0%B8%D0%B8%20%D0%9F%D0%BE%D0%BB%D0%BE%D0%B6%D0%B5%D0%BD%D0%B8%D1%8F%20%D0%BE%20%D1%82%D0%B5%D0%BA%20%D0%BA%D0%BE%D0%BD%D1%82%D1%80%D0%BE%D0%BB%D0%B5%20%D1%83%D1%81%D0%BF%D0%B5%D0%B2%D0%B0%D0%B5%D0%BC%D0%BE%D1%81%D1%82%D0%B8%20%D0%B8%20%D0%BF%D1%80%D0%BE%D0%BC%D0%B5%D0%B6%20%D0%B0%D1%82%D1%82%D0%B5%D1%81%D1%82%D0%B0%D1%86%D0%B8%D0%B8.pdf) will help you to navigate through the following questions: academic performance control and regulations, retake policy, absence, etc.  

If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact Education Dept in room 460 or via education@innopolis.ru.   

## Final exams and Retakes 
1. Final exams are scheduled within defined exam period according to Academic Calendar.
2. A, B, C and P for final exams (final course grade) are positive results. It is not possible to retake them. D and F are negative results.
3. Student's absence on exam without an admissible excuse, D and F are equivalent to the academic failure. Students must eliminate academic failure. According to Russian Law academic failure must be eliminated within 1 year, but retakes dates are established by University in agreement with the professor.
4. Document confirming the reason of absence due to admissible excuse (sick list, medical certificate, medical assessment report and so on) should be provided no later than 3 days after getting this document with application.
5. Retakes might be conducted during studying or holiday period. Students have no more than 2 retakes for each course or internship according to Russian law. The first retake is conducted by professor. The second retake is conducted by the Committee assigned by University. Retake schedule notification is sent on university email.
6. Those students who has not eliminated academic failure during the defined period are expelled from University as students who did not fulfil obligations of educational program acquisition with good faith and who did not fulfil the curriculum adjusted by University.
