# Migration Control for International Students 
Get yourself acquainted with IU migration rulesIt is important to abide to migration control regulations to avoid penalties or possible deportation. It is your responsibility to ensure your presence in Russia is legal.

[IU migration rules](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1y0_lzlItzVgTCiegFc-lSY3jL_QKl9W0/view?usp=sharing)

Here are the instructions for all international students, who returned to Innopolis University after being abroad or in any other booked accommodation (i.e. hotel) for at least one night. There are 3 buttons in "Migration Control" section of your personal account on My University (look at the picture above):
1. Migration Card  
Find "Migration Card". Upload the scan of your migration card and scan of all pages of your passport (even empty) in one PDF file in "Migration Card" part. You must do it within 3 days once you return to Innopolis University for getting your new registration card!
2. Visa  
Find "Visa" section and upload the scan of your visa. Fill the gaps with the information about your visa.
3. Registration  
After that you will receive your new registration card within 7-10 days. Once you get it - find "Registration" section, upload its scan and fill the gaps with the information about your registration.

* Join International students' [telegram channel](https://t.me/internationaliu)
* If you have any questions text [@Daria\_cider](http://t.me/Daria_cider)

If you don't upload required documents on time, you will pay "late fee" worth 2000 rubles YOURSELF in Migration department of Verkhny Uslon. Two failures will lead to your deportation. So please pay attention to the expiration date of your documents!   
