# Rules of registration for the military service
1. Pick up the documents that the dorm prepares for you in order to obtain temporary registration. To do this, follow the news in the [dorm channel](https://t.me/campus_info). If you see your name, please arrive to administration in dorm 3 and take your documents from 9.00 to 18.00 daily.

2. Take your documents from the dorm and passport and come to the city council office to obtain your temporary registration.
   
   Address: 114, Sportivnaya street., third door from the Fly/Tattelecom office. Reception hours: Monday to Thursday 9:00-18:00, Friday - 9:00-17:00.

   After that, the city council will notify you by telegram that the registration is ready and you will need to pick it up.  
 
3. When your registration is ready, you need to collect the following documents:  
    - copy of passport's 1st page and residence permit (прописка);   
    - temporary registration;   
    - academic reference (319 prepares it on its own, you do not need to order it);   
    - military service registration certificate (оригинал приписного свидетельства);   
    - [application for the military service registration](https://disk.yandex.ru/i/wt13LEJ8_OOO6Q).   

   Put the documents in a file and bring them to the 319 office.   

4. The 319 office submits documents to the military commissariat.

5. Finally, we will notify you when you can collect the military service registration certificate in the 319 office.

* If you are registered in Kazan or Zelenodolsk, you do not need to register in the military office of Verkhny Uslon.
* If you have a military service card, you must register at Verkhny Uslon on your own. (documents you need to take: military service card, passport, copy of passport, copy of registration from the City Administration, Reference - Appendix 4).  
* If you have got the request of Reference - Appendix 4 from the military office where you were previously registered, you must also order it on my.university, indicating the name of the military office from which this Reference was requested. Reference will be ready in 5 working days. Also, if you have received a military summons from the military office, you need to bring it to 319.  
* Deferment from the spring/fall calling up for military services is granted after the signing of a summons, taking tests in the medical centre of Innopolis and passing the medical commission at the Central District Hospital of Verkhny Uslon, without passing the medical commission deferment for study is invalid. Deferment will not be valid if you were previously expelled from the university in which you studied, as the deferment is granted only once. The same, if you are enrolled after vocational school or receive a second higher education.   
