# Scholarships & Financial Support
During the first semester some freshmen receive a scholarship assigned by the admissions department upon enrollment. From the second semester, the scholarship will be calculated according to the following formula: $S = M_{min} + (M_{max} - M_{min}) \cdot (\frac{GPA-2}{3})^{2,5} - S_{gas}$, where $S$ - scholarship amount; $M_{min}$ - the size of the minimum scholarship; $M_{max}$ - the size of the maximum scholarship; $GPA$ is student's average grade based on the results of the last intermediate attestation (grade "A" and "P" are equal to grade "5", grade "B" - grade "4", grade "C" - grade "3", grade " D "and" F "- to the score" 2 "); $S_{gas}$ - amount of state academic scholarship. 

The amount is a multiple of 100 rubles, rounded down. GPA average grade based on the results of academic performance, rounded to hundredths after the decimal point.

## Scholarship for outstanding academic performance
If a student receives all A and P in all subjects for two semesters in a row, then 10,000 rubles will be automatically added to his/her scholarship. Scholarship amount is subject to change.

## Increased scholarship
Increased scholarship competition is held every semester to reward students with outstanding achievements in different fields. The amount of increased scholarship is 6,000 rubles. Scholarship amount is subject to change.

## Event participation
If you participate at the event such as olympiad, you are eligible to apply for travel and accommodation cost reimbursement. Each case will be considered individually. You will get reimbursed after presenting all necessary booking documents after your arrival.

## Financial Support
If you need financial support due to some personal or unexpected reasons, approach Student Affairs Office to fill financial support application in room 319. Each case will be carefully examined, and each applicant will receive personal feedback.
